React JS - UI Library for building web application.

React Native - Mobile Applications

Flutter - Dot Programming language

> It uses SPA - Single Page Application - Routing

Components

> React is a free and open-source front-end JavaScript library for building user interfaces based on components. 
> It is maintained by Meta and a community of individual developers and companies. React can be used to develop single-page, mobile, or server-rendered applications with frameworks like Next.js. 
> Introduced by Meta in 2013.
> Uses Javascript programming language
> Author Jordan Walke

Node Js - Javascript Runtime environment

For downloading nodejs:
https://nodejs.org/en

18.17.1 LTS

npm - node package manager - It manages all the package present in nodejs

npm install package-name - Adds package to the current folder.

npm uninstall package-name - Removing

npm install -global package-name 

JSX - Javascript Extension - It provides feature of writing html and javascript in a mixture in javascript file.


For installing create-react-app

npm install -g create-react-app

> Create React App is an officially supported way to create single-page React applications. It offers a modern build setup with no configuration.

For creating the project using create-react-app

npx create-react-app project-name

cd project-name - Navigate inside the project folder

npm start - Execute the source code and start the react server.

ecommerce-app

    node_modules - Consists of all the packages which used for the app.

        react
        react-dom
        react-scripts

    public - Consists of index.html and all the asset files like images, videos, audio, etc...

    src - source - Consists of all the files of project which we are developing.

    .gitignore - It consists of all the file names which you want to stop inserting into cloud.

    package-lock.json - Consists of all the package names and versions used by our packages.

    package.json - Consists of all the package names and versions used by us directly along with scripts.

    README.md - Text file were we can write about the config steps of the project.